= test-mysqld

see http://developer.cybozu.co.jp/kazuho/2009/08/perl-mysql-test.html

  require 'pp'
  require 'rubygems'
  require 'test/mysqld'
  mysqld = Test::Mysqld.new(:auto_start => true)
  pp mysqld
  pp mysqld.dsn
  pp conn = Mysql2::Client.new(mysqld.dsn)
  # >> #<Test::Mysqld:0x7fd4a9fd4000
  # >>  @base_dir="/tmp/d20101110-13587-1aemfmq",
  # >>  @mycnf=
  # >>   {"datadir"=>"/tmp/d20101110-13587-1aemfmq/var",
  # >>    "pid-file"=>"/tmp/d20101110-13587-1aemfmq/tmp/mysql.pid",
  # >>    "socket"=>"/tmp/d20101110-13587-1aemfmq/tmp/mysql.sock"},
  # >>  @mysql_install_db="/usr/bin/mysql_install_db",
  # >>  @mysqld="/usr/sbin/mysqld",
  # >>  @pid=13651>
  # >> {:socket=>"/tmp/d20101110-13587-1aemfmq/tmp/mysql.sock",
  # >>  :username=>"root",
  # >>  :database=>"test"}
  # >> #<Mysql2::Client:0x7fd4aa4f6830
  # >>  @query_options=
  # >>   {:database_timezone=>:local,
  # >>    :as=>:hash,
  # >>    :application_timezone=>nil,
  # >>    :cache_rows=>true,
  # >>    :async=>false,
  # >>    :cast_booleans=>false,
  # >>    :symbolize_keys=>false,
  # >>    :connect_flags=>2147525125}>

you need mysql2.gem or mysql.gem

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 miyucy. See LICENSE for details.
